AST-2390 - Getting console Error on widget page (#4728)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Fix: WooCommerce - Cart icon size is not working on starter template site.
- Fix: Top border showing up for related post section on single post when Boxed & Content Boxed layout is active.
- Fix: Editor - External toggle controls reverse their direction due to theme's CSS.

> - Fix: Widget - Type error can not read property of undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Block editor - Getting console error for reading properties of undefined for getEditedPostAttribute.
```
